Add support for enthalpy variable in nonlinear physics (#31036)
idaholab/moose: modules/navier_stokes/doc/content/source/postprocessors/RayleighNumber.md

- $l$ is the size of the system in the direction of the temperature difference
- $g$ is the magnitude of the gravity
- $\mu$ is the dynamic viscosity of the fluid

> - $k$ is the thermal conductivity of the fluid

Author: ```suggestion
- $\alpha$ is the thermal diffusivity of the fluid
```
